Just received the product couple of minutes ago.  Giving 3 stars coz the package was damaged and the sole plate has scratches already at 2 places at the bottom of sole plate (See photos). Working wise, it heated up quite quickly. Would rate 4 stars for that. Bought it for ₹399.
Worst quality iron box. Never expected from Amazon. Will never buy any thing from Orpat. Could not use it for a week.
Received half an hour back.. used it and found it very light in weight and it is serving the purpose.
Quick to heat up, Light in weight and easy to handle.
still using
After first shirt iron, it stopped working, unfortunately opened it after return date :-(
NO PRODUCT IS DEFECTIVE ONE AND WORKED ONLY FOR 20 DAYS, NOW PRODUCT IS NOT IN WORKING CONDITION. COMPANY SERVICE CENTER IS NOT CO-OPERATING. KINDLY REFUND MY MONEY
Not a, perfect product, but for the price u paid it delivers its job more than its worth, heats up quickly but perfect  winkle free iron is not possible, I bought it as a stand by to my Philips iron box, it does its job
A great product for a such a less prices.  I got this for Rs. 349.  It arrived in time in a good packing.  The color and other specifications are correct and the product is working fine.  I am overall happy with whole deal.  Thank you amazon...
I purchased  an iron from Amazon “Orpat OEI 187 1200-Watt Dry Iron” and so far it has burned many of my clothes, no matter what temperature I set it to but heat remains same.
Very cheap quality product
Worst porduct.Sudden rise and fall in temperature. as u need some extra care for u r clothes else it will gone don't buy this go with a quality one
Does not heat up as 1200w iron should. Can't iron cotton clothes with this.
My first product from Amazon....very very nice packaging,lable also a good,billing,and the important thing is that the product is so good....I mean as expected got from Amazon...
Its a damn product don't buy this product.because this a cheap quality iron box its damaged my 3 valuable cloths.when this iron is heated that time the bottom plate produce some chemicals that destroy your cloth.now I throw this box in my dustbin so frnds don't buy this one because you get totally loss of your valuable things don't get fooll like me
Quite happy with the purchase. Fortunately got a product which works completely fine, with an easy grip to hold. Creases disappear in less than a minute. Got it for a good discount as well.  Have been using for the last six months. No complaint so far. One can for it without hesitation, provided one gets a discount.
Not Satisfied!!
it's really easy to iron with this - even on daily basis.
Just awesome. I felt so good about the iron. It is quicly heat up and quicly cool off. Its automatic and very light in wait. I m totally satisfied. Highly recommended. Price is unbeatable
Product stopped working after 6 months ,not recommended for home.only suitable for travel.don't buy this for long term.. quality is poor.
Good quality for this price range .. stylish and nicely designed..
It is a nice iron.Good quality provided.Works very well.Worth a buy.Packaging was good.Delivery was fast and efficient.Worth the price.Worth second buy too.
Does its job.. quality good..nice but at this rate..got it under 600 bucks under offer... received PDT on time.
Good for the price, kind of spare one but working like a charm for quick ironing
WORTH of Money!!! Strongly Recommended to every Indian!
orpat products are good..
A great Iron at a very affordable price.
I have purchased this orpat Iron on 1st Feb and now on its fifth month it has stop working and when I asked the company then I was very rudely told that we don't have any service center in your area and u have to take the iron to our service center which was 300km away from my town .I will never recommend this product for any one .
A good product at the price .I got it in lightning deal .it is value for money .I am
I got this at an attractive offer price of Rs.399. The sole is big enough to iron our regular cloths. And it gets heated up very quickly. I personally feel like the product looks bulkier than in the picture, but no complaints for this price range. Its only been a couple of days since I bought this but overall, its a good product.
Heating is good, looks good and light weight. But non stick coating is not as good as expected, may be due to its low price.
purchased on discounted price......  Rs 350.....mast product
a66a hain, value for money. But not so #hifi
Gets overheated immediately after 2 months use. Ironing cotton shirts by setting  cotton  as temperature still my cloth got damaged and a coating was formed on the iron
Nice produc rates are also reasonable. Looking very nice n expensive.features are also good n easy. Happy with the product
Outstanding product, value for money
Got in a deal price of 350.worth every penny. Its been 1.5 years since i bought n ita working perfectly fine. Go for it guys..
Superb product and original I bought it during festival sell @349 but it is also perfect for it original price
17Jan, ko two product purchase kiya .lekin after four month k baad one product dead ho chuka,two year warranty hai lekin product kaha bheje ,amezon ne orpate ka contact no, diya lekin call koi recive nahi karta,isliye product bakwas hai .mai to yahi khunga k koibhi is product ko na kharide.
Lightweight but it gets the job done. Gets heated up quickly, quality feels great. This is a no-doubter.
This product is only good till the time it’s working, if it stopped working , you will continue to wonder about its customer service and warranty. 2 year warranty is a gimmick to attract  customers no service is provided. kindly don't waste your money  on this .
Served the purpose pretty well. Quite sturdy and good quality material delivered by seller. We as bachelors were satisfied by it.
Don't buy it orpat service is very bad customer care numbers are not in service after use of one year it is totally worst product bcoz in this we cannot change element full plate will be charged and it cost equal to new one iron. And service center will not give service on amazon bill also
DELIVERED A NON FUNCTIONAL IRON THE FIRST TIME, PROMPTLY REPLACED BY A NEW ONE WHICH IS WORKING AS EXPECTED. THANKS!
Lovely product
excellent.  works well,  fast heating.  100%  value for money
should consider some other iron but if you have shoestring budget then you can go for this. This isnt very compatible with light weighted clothes and can burn your clothes while ironing
Got it sale.only one thing ie there is not any replacement of this product.
Awesome product very happy with the product thanks a lot Amazon....... Damn 😊
Good one. It  is very light and one has to use pressure to iron the clothes. value for money!
Full on disire complete... Its working awesome... Cool design.. Easy to handle... Thir is no need to push heavy to press cloths..
Good product. U can't get better dry iron in this price. Wire is long. Gets heated up instantly. Tried it on both expensive and cheap shirts, it didn't burnt or sticked with shirts.
I am writing this review after 4 and half months of usage.. the product has stopped working now. I hardly used it. The usage was once or twice a week for very light weighted clothes. Now I am not sure where do I search for a service center from
Didn't even work well for complete two years. I don't really recommend it. I saw the brand and trusted it. But USHA is better.
Good product it heats very rapidly so that it's the best iron
Nice thanks for cloudtail,
worst product stopped working after  exactly 1 month
Never imagined I’ll ever write a revie for an iron. But on a budget this iron works far better than double or triple the price of the completion. Heating plate is perfect.
Very good iron box, light weight and quickly reaching required temp. and automatically cuts off. Thanks to Amazon team.
The product is not working now. It's Not even months since I opened it but now not working
It's the best quality I have bought at this 280 rupees guys.If u have the change go for it with out any hesitation
It doesn't deserve even 1 star because once it damages your cloth , you will regret for months why you bought it first place just by falling in price trap.
not exactly looks how its in image. But working good, its been 1 month, will update after 6 months. Bought in Lightening deal.
best product working well nice
Good finish... nice colour combination... light hence maneuvers with ease... heats up pretty quickly... good length of attached cable...all n all an excellent product especially for the price (Rs.349) I picked it up for on a lightening deal...!!!
I bought one few months ago and totally disappointed with its perfomance.its heat regulator doesn't work well.plug is not suitable for common socket.you need to use all your hand power to unplug it.It usually burns cloths.I beg you to avoid buying this product.
It's ok type iron. After sell service is very poor your can not found any place to use your warranty in Ahmedabad like city. When you call on service center number it's out of service.
This iron is very very light weight and heats up easily. It is very usefull and easy to carry anywhere. Its a value for money. Just go for it but only when it is in sale or else you have to spend a bit more money for the same product
High watt and so works great as expected.
Best one. Functioning is good. A littl heavier and large plate area giVing good ironing.
good product
cheap and best,works like a charm,heats up quickly.automatically powers ON and OFF to keeps correct heat for correct cloth type.
poor product , stopped working within a month , service or orpat is very bad , now i cant do anything as i cant return it ,and the manufacturer wont reair it , saying that we dont service products purchased online , DO NOT BUY this product its very bad .
Bought the product in lightning deal.Reasonable price and Quality.Satisfied.
It’s been one week and it’s functioning well without any issues. Best for the price
It's fine. you can buy without any hesitation. But don't use it carelessly then it may damage.
This iron box works great. Amazon delivery is fast. When it reaches the required heat, it turns off, saves power.
I loved it. Good built
good product at reasonable price....with the brand satisfaction..i must say----thank-you amazon india
Nice product value for money fast heating easy to iron lightweight well protected power card
Got it for 340 Rupees during the Great indian festival sale. It is an absolute must have. Heats up quite quickly and the temperature control is superb.
Its very good product at 349. Good design . And the quick heat up in few seconds it is a very good thing that saves your time.  &#60;&#60;YOU SHOULD GO FOR THIS, BELIEVE ME &#62;&#62;
Product received today,I am very happy to find Excellent product at this price, all function properly work.thanks cloutail and Amazone.
I have purchased Orpat Iron in lightning deals.I must say it's a worst product. Stopped working i in two months.Anybody don't purchase it.Amazon don't make people fool by selling worst products.
It is a very good iron and it is only amazon who provide us so beautiful product at such a reasonable and cheap price.
Good product,Bt some scratch
no proper heating, not worth to iron even silky cloths. want to send back to service centre as it have 12 months warranty. but how do i reach to customer service ??????? guide me
Received damaged piece though packing was perfect but inside product was completely damaged.
Good product in this price range... design is cool, quick heating... With non stick surface!!
Expected to perform as a normal iron box. For my surprise this is the worst product....very frequently iron box plate getting greased up when ironing trousers..if we reduce heat then it won't iron ..if increase the heat it will get burnt on the heating plate.. just kept it aside.. earlier Iron box had no issue like this in particular..
Excellent
The Orpat Iron has gone defective just in 3 months. Nobody picks up the customer care numbers given with the product. The product is under warranty of 2 years, but don't know from where to get it repaired.
Pathetic product, has burnt many of my clothes. Being teflon coated still clothes get stuck because of over heating. The bottom plate has turned black due to burning. Brand / Amazon should seriously look at the product quality and take a call.
Light weight, nice ones. got it in lightening deal during Oct 1st sale week. Definite buy.
This iron stopped working in just 6 months, very disappointing experience. With orpat.
Worth the money... but I missed to buy during the lightning deals days when it was sold for just 299/-
recevied scratched product
Do not buy orpat products online they are not providing warranty for products purchased from online websites and its my personal experuence beware guys
This iron has worked only for 1.5 years. Biggest issue is with service. Online purchased item will not get warranty even if Amazon says it has two year warranty. Beware of all product purchase of ORPAT online..
Hi it's very good product but if possible i want to change my orpat OEI 187 1200-watt with same product because in this product it's become hot very much and it's wires smelling so sir i request to change my product with the same orpat OEI 187  pls can u give me another orpat OEI 187 it's request
